Article about the Connection dashboard (#427)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/connectivity/connection-dashboard.md

---
id: connection-dashboard
themes: connectivity, import-export-data
title: Monitor your third-party **connections**
popular: false
ee-only: false
related: what-is-a-connection, how-to-connect-my-pim, manage-your-connections
---

# Monitor your third-party **connections**

In the PIM, there is a dashboard to help you follow your connections activity. It's called the `Connection dashboard`.

You can access it by clicking on the `Activity` menu, then on the `Connection dashboard` submenu. And here you are! :tada:

![Connection dashboard](connection-dashboard.png) <!-- TODO -->

From this screen, you can easily follow:
- the number of products that were **created** by each of your source connections over the last 7 days,
![Number of products created](number-of-products-created.png) <!-- TODO -->
- the number of products that were **updated** by each of your source connections over the last 7 days.
![Number of products updated](number-of-products-updated.png) <!-- TODO -->

You can easily switch the source connection you want to monitor by clicking on the following dropdown.

![Source connection dropdown](../img/source-connection-dropdown.png)

::: info

> This dashboard is still in its first version. In the future, it will show much more indicators to you. Stay tuned! 🙂

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dashboard is still in its first version. In the future, it will show you many more indicators. Stay tuned! 🙂
```
